Implement documentation template (#110)
pyansys/ansys-templates: doc/source/templates.rst

   better idea on the final project layout.

``doc-project`` template
------------------------
This template renders a documentation project based on Sphinx. You can chose

> between an Ansys or PyAnsys logos together with the color theme.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
between Ansys or PyAnsys logos together with the color theme.

```

- Includes GitHub workflows (actions).
- All ``requirements_*.txt`` are contained in the base directory.

> To create a new project using this template by running:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new project using this template, run:

```

- All ``requirements_*.txt`` are contained in a ``requirements_/`` directory.
- Includes a ``tox.ini`` file.

> To create a new project using this template by running:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new project using this template, run:

```

- Customizable ``pom.xml`` file.
- Customizable ``.m2/settings.xml`` file.

> To create a new project using this template by running:
> 
> .. code-block:: text

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new project using this template, run:

.. code-block:: text
```

- Includes a ``tox.ini`` file.
- Ability to integrate Docker within the project.

> To create a new project using this template by running:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new project using this template, run:

```

- Includes a ``tox.ini`` file.
- Ability to integrate Docker within the project.

> To create a new project using this template by running:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new project using this template, run:
```

- Includes a ``tox.ini`` file.
- Ability to integrate Docker within the project.

> To create a new project using this template by running:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new project using this template, run:

```

- Includes a ``tox.ini`` file.
- Ability to integrate Docker within the project.

> To create a new project using this template by running:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new project using this template, run:
```
